all right Eugene so you got the NBA
Draft process underway what's what's it
been like for you
it's been real real real fun I work out
every day lifts play basketball gets
tossed up so it's been pretty good
you've been in to see the Lakers you
kind of started that most I like going
in to see the LA like it was pretty good
I'm a Laker fan Oh from LA so it's
pretty good Mitch Kupchak he was there
so it was kind of big-time because a
good time longer you say obviously you
can shoot the basketball really well
I've seen a lot of athleticism from you
out here on the court what do you feel
like you bring to the next level
probably I say defense I can open
15-footer I'm an athletic so I get
rebounds like a play defense I can run
the floor pretty good so pretty much it
my artists today so yeah as NBA teams
start to look at you what what do you
maybe think is the misconception about
you what's not right what do we got
wrong I'm in college I play center now
of course he don't let me sue it or
dribble whatever so they probably think
I can't shoot a dribble but I could do
it I've been here every day like I said
work about my handlers they're working
on my side so I can do that you know
this is a process where you kind of have
to go in the gym and take people's lunch
money you're gonna have to take away
somebody's dream are you ready to do
that are you ready to go in and be the
killer yeah this is I get paid for this
man so I'm trying get paid this is my
job
I see you out here and you're getting up
and down the floor attacking the rim
there's a ferocity with that where does
that come from
I mean I'm athletic some I just try to
use it to my advantage enough so I mean
I could dunk the ball so why not dunk it
what do you feel like you bring to the
end yet strands the versatility I could
play probably three four go out a two
three four probably five can I go out a
five in college good teammate so I bring
a whole lot hope the suit a 15-footer
you know so yeah you're not one of the
highest rated guys people aren't talking
about Eugene a lot yeah how do you
approach that when everybody's kind of
discounting you and you're you're not
the hot name yeah I'm used to pretty
much the high schooler than the big name
but I I did pretty good in college I
wasn't a big name but now I'm trying to
make a name for myself so that's what I
got to do